DRUG PREDICTOR
Notes for the evaluator

Here is a brief explanation of the data provided at https://1drv.ms/f/s!Aorqmaz_NWu2j9FQhoGSSgid9dQVfg?e=PQWhxx

1. Input data

The kedro application needs three datasets to work correctly:
    dataset_drugbank.json
    dataset_gitter.csv
    dataset_pubchem.csv
Since running times are in the range of hours when the aproximately 10000 molecules are analysed,
shorter versions of the datasets are provided (marked as mock_ instead of dataset_).
Then the running times are reduced to some minutes.
You can determine which ones to use in the Kedro catalog in conf/base/catalog.yml

In the documentation acompanying this work, there are some assays made with variations of the datasets, 
a dataset with fewer labels and a dataset with a more balanced distributions of labels.
This datasets are available in the folder 03_primary and can be run from pipeline 'Molecular_calculations' onwards.

All the intermediary files generated by the app are provided in the corresponding folders,
in case partial runs of the kedro app wanted to be run independently.

Folder data/09_examples contains small datasets that can be used with the application Drug Predictor High Throughput.
They contain several examples of use with possible exceptions and errors.

2. Models

Three trained models are provided. Those are the ones obtained by training with the datasets provided in the folder 03_primary. They can be found in the folder 06_models.

3. Notebooks

The folder 'notebooks' contains some notebooks to perform some previous operations to the raw data before  applying the Kedro app,  to obtain special datasets, to provide some explanations of the function of some apps in notebook format, etc, in case they were of interest.